It's funny there, there's probably echoes that represent the,
the 20th century now in, uh, old man in the sea,
a Hemingway that, uh, also has similar,
I guess, themes, but more, um,
more personal mm-hmm <affirmative> more focused on the, I mean,
I guess it's less about God is almost more like the existential version of mob
Dick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And hence shorter.
<Laugh> and a lot shorter. Yeah. Well, Hemingway was brilliant that way. Yeah.
Uh, but do you see echoes and, uh, do, do you find old man in the sea?
Interesting. It's.
Been since ninth grade that I old man in the sea even longer ago than the
fountain. Uh, so I didn't know we were going go there. I mean,
I find Hemingway interesting, but Hemingway,
my general sort of picture of him is that, you know, he's,
he's, uh, we have to confront the, the dangers and the difficulties of our life.
We have to develop in ourselves a certain kind of courage and Manliness.
And I think there's something interesting about that.
He's for risk in a certain way. And I think that's important.
Uh, but I, but I do, I don't now I,
I don't have any right to say this since it's been so long since I read it. I,
I do feel like there's there's I don't remember
a sense for the, for quite the tragedy of it. Maybe there is,
is it a melancholy novel? I don't even remember. No.
It's, uh, I mean,
it has a sense of like the stranger by Kamoo has a sense of like,
this is how life is. Yeah. And it, like,
it has more about old age and that, uh,
you're not quite the man you used to be feeling of like,
this is how time passes and then the,
the passing of time and how you get old and you get older and this is one
last fish it's, it's less about, this is the fish. Yeah. It's more like,
this is one last fish like,
and asking who was I,
who was I as a man, as a human being in this world.
And this one fish helps you ask that question fully.
Wonderful, but it's one fish,
which is just sort of all the other fish too. Right. And,
and that is a big difference because for, for Ahab,
other fish will do than Moby Dick. It's gotta be the biggest, the most powerful,
the most tormenting.
It's gotta be the one that you've got history with that has filed you.
And it it's, uh, it's AOUS ride Moby Dick.